Doc - add landing pages for existing controls (#437)
Esri/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet: docs/legend.md

# Legend

> Display a legend for a single layer in a map, optionally including sub layers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display a legend for a single layer in a map, optionally including sublayers.
```
